Fix vertical exaggeration on models with a scale factor other than 1 (#13518)
CesiumGS/cesium: CHANGES.md

- Fixed draped vector polylines rendering at twice their specified width, and antialiased their edges. Antialiasing can be turned off with `scene.vectorProvider.antialias` if you prefer the extra performance. [#13675](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/13675)
- Updated the minimum version of `dompurify` dependency to `3.4.5`, addressing security vulnerability tracked in [CVE-2026-49458](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-hpcv-96wg-7vj8). [#13646](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/issues/13646)

> - Fixed vertical exaggeration for models with a scale factor other than 1. [#13518](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/13518)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed vertical exaggeration for models and tilesets with existing scale factors, so they now exaggerate proportionally to the rest of the scene. [#13518](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/13518)
```

We're trying to be a bit more specific with our changelog going forward :)
